# Software-Security
CS-305-T5606 Software Security 22EW5
Briefly summarize your client, Artemis Financial, and their software requirements. Who was the client? What issue did they want you to address?
Artemis Financial is a financial consulting companythat develops individual financial plans for their clients.  They wish to modernize their operations and secure their RESTful web API against external threats and security vulnerabilities.
What did you do particularly well in identifying their software security vulnerabilities? Why is it important to code securely? What value does software security add to a company’s overall wellbeing?
I feel I did particularly well at recognized appropriate encryption algorithms for use with certification in secure communications between the client and server, along with vulnerabilities raised by dependencies that were in use.  Secure coding prevents vulnerabiliites that can impact how well a companies software runs when targetted by things like denial of service attacks and prevents malicious entities from accessing the system and/or data on the system that they should not be privy to.  Such attacks can result in anything from massive losses in productivity to secure and private data being stolen with potentially large financial and legal reprecusions (along with the trust of those users who use the system).  
What about the process of working through the vulnerability assessment did you find challenging or helpful?
I could have used more of an example of using the Vulnerability Assessment Process Flow diagram that we were provided.  I find it handy as a tool I can look at and step by step go through common areas of vulnerability but I'm still not sure I'm getting everything I could out it and would have loved to see an example or video tutorial that made use of it.    
How did you approach the need to increase layers of security? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to assess vulnerabilities and determine mitigation techniques?
Following along with the Vulnerability Assessment Process Flow diagram was a great help in stepping through each potentially vulnerable area and correcting any vulnerabilities found.  Utilizing the Dependency checker to find any vulnerabilities in dependencies that needed to be corrected also helped.  Finally testing where possible that the security added was functioning.  I'd likely follow a similar strategy with future work.
How did you ensure the code and software application were functional and secure? After refactoring code, how did you check to see whether you introduced new vulnerabilities?
I ran and performed light testing of the code to verify it was function and secure after refactoring, including checking that the encryption and certification functionality were were working with my self signed certificate.  I also re-ran the dependency tool to verify that no additional vulnerabilities had been introduced by new dependecies.
What resources, tools, or coding practices did you employ that you might find helpful in future assignments or tasks?
I expect the dependency vulnerability check to become a staple of my coding process.  As much as I'm not sure I'm getting the full benefit from the Vulnerability Assessment Process flow diagram I also expect to reference it as part of my coding practices to make sure I am covering the areas and vulnerabilities listed when securing the code I write.
Employers sometimes ask for examples of work that you have successfully completed to demonstrate your skills, knowledge, and experience. What from this particular assignment might you want to showcase to a future employer?
I gained a much better understanding of the encryption process and how to read and understand what the parts of the encryption algorithm meant and how to implement it.  I don't think this particular assigment highlighted it as much but I also found a strong appeciation for the importance of input verification that I did not practice as stringently prior.
